Alcatraz the rock no one has ever
escaped from this prison this is Frank
Morris armed robbery burglary grand
larceny Morris has escaped from many
prisons but Alcatraz could be the
exception
[Music]
[Applause]
I just found her
[Music]
I guess anything you want bad enough is
worth the chance
including busting out
[Music]
some men are destined could never to
leave out the dress a life this Allen is
solid rock
no one's ever busted out no one's ever
made it since I've been warden a few
people have tried to escape most of them
have been recaptured those that haven't
have been killed I may have found a way
out of here no one has ever escaped from
Alcatraz I mean me 212 we go shake down
the bars count us and the King girls
count the counts no one has ever escaped
Alcatraz and no one ever will see you
later man goodbye and no one ever will
know 1962 that statement was no longer
valid
Clint Eastwood is Frank Morris in Escape
from Alcatraz
[Music]